HASHNOTE USYC FLOWS

High-Level Process
1 Connect with a Hashnote representative 
2 Create a portal account on the Investor Portal
3 Complete onboarding questionnaire 
4 Fund administrator performs KYC/AML checks based on documents provided
5 Wallet screening provider whitelists wallet address provided
6 Receive onboarding success email

Subscription
1 Go to the USYC Portal (usyc.hashnote.com) 
2 Connect your wallet to the Smart Contract Teller 
3 On the “Fund” tab, select the appropriate stablecoin (PYUSD or USDC) you wish to use for minting USYC and enter a deposit amount 
4 Enter the amount of USYC you wish to mint 
5 Click “Add Funds” to instantly deposit stablecoin and mint USYC into your designated whitelisted wallet at the price shown

Redemption
1 Go to the USYC Portal (usyc.hashnote.com) 
2 Connect your wallet to the Smart Contract Teller 
3 On the “Redeem” tab, select the stablecoin you wish to receive (PYUSD or USDC) 
4 Enter the amount of USYC you wish to redeem 
5 Click “Redeem Funds” to burn USYC at the price shown and receive the selected stablecoin in your wallet

TRADITIONAL METHOD
Subscription
1 Send stablecoin (PYUSD, USDC, or USDT) to Hashnote Short Duration Yield Fund (SDYF) wallet 
2 Notify a Hashnote representative 
3 Receive minted USYC in your designated whitelisted wallet
Redemption
1 Send USYC to Hashnote SDYF wallet or burn USYC directly on-chain 
2 Notify a Hashnote representative 
3 Receive stablecoin or fiat

SUBSCRIPTION WORKFLOW
Once an investor is onboarded to an eligible Hashnote Fund, their wallet address is added to the Allowlist, and permission is granted to hold USYC. The investor either wires fiat (USD) or sends stablecoin (USDC, USDT, or PYUSD) with our Smart Contract Teller into the Fund they onboarded. Hashnote then transfers the investor's funds to its Prime Brokerage to invest into T-Bills and enter repo/reverse-repo agreements.
The investor's ownership of this fund is reflected on a blockchain via a permissioned ERC-20 smart contract. Hashnote mints into the investor's wallet an amount of USYC tokens equivalent to the number of shares the investor has in the SDYF.
Whether the investor chooses to purchase with fiat or stablecoin, the amount of USYC the investor receives is equal to the deposit amount divided by the current Price of USYC.

REDEMPTION WORKFLOW
Any client wallet on the Allowlist and granted permission to hold USYC can also burn USYC for fund share redemption into fiat (i.e. USD) or stablecoin (i.e. USDC, USDT, pyUSD) with Smart Contract Teller.
The client's burning (or Hashnote burning on behalf of the client) of the token will be reflected in the fund registry by our fund administrator. Hashnote will emit stablecoin or start the process of retrieving fiat funds for wire back to the client.

MINTING 
Through the Teller, investors of Hashnote can subscribe to USYC with USDC or PYUSD during regular market hours. Each stablecoin has an after-hours threshold, and any after-hours subscription will be subscribed at the next business day's price. This price is calculated in advance based on the current interest rate generated by the fund.

REDEMPTION
The Teller provides USYC holders immediate liquidity for USYC. At any time of the day, investors can redeem USYC at the latest reported price through the Teller. You can view the liquidity available on the USYC page in real time. The liquidity provider rebalances the assets frequently to ensure maximum capacity to meet the needs. 
















